

This is the model of the in vitro DNA oscillator called oligator with the
optmized set of parameters described in the article:  
**Programming an in vitro DNA oscillator using a molecular networking strategy.**   
Montagne K, Plasson R, Sakai Y, Fujii T, Rondelez Y. Mol Syst Biol. 2011 Feb
1;7:466. PubmedID: [21283142](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21283142) ,
Doi: [10.1038/msb.2010.120](http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/msb.2010.120)

Abstract:  
Living organisms perform and control complex behaviours by using webs of
chemical reactions organized in precise networks. This powerful system
concept, which is at the very core of biology, has recently become a new
foundation for bioengineering. Remarkably, however, it is still extremely
difficult to rationally create such network architectures in artificial, non-
living and well-controlled settings. We introduce here a method for such a
purpose, on the basis of standard DNA biochemistry. This approach is
demonstrated by assembling de novo an efficient chemical oscillator: we encode
the wiring of the corresponding network in the sequence of small DNA templates
and obtain the predicted dynamics. Our results show that the rational
cascading of standard elements opens the possibility to implement complex
behaviours in vitro. Because of the simple and well-controlled environment,
the corresponding chemical network is easily amenable to quantitative
mathematical analysis. These synthetic systems may thus accelerate our
understanding of the underlying principles of biological dynamic modules.

The model reproduces the time courses in fig 2B. The parameter identifiers of
the reaction constants are not the same as in the supplemental material, but
are just called kXd and kXr for the forward and backwards constant of reaction
X respectively.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
For more information see the [terms of
use](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/legal.html) .  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

